fix: made timeAgo function way shorter and viewCount shorter (#54583)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-asynchronous-programming-by-building-an-fcc-forum-leaderboard/64440a50d076c204051f2cc0.md

---
id: 64440a50d076c204051f2cc0
title: Step 25
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-25
---

# --description--

You need a function to convert view counts to a more readable format. For example, if the view count is `1000`, it should display as `1k` and if the view count is `100,000` it should display as `100k`.

> Create a `viewCount` function with a `views` parameter, then return the `views`.
> 
> Inside the `viewCount` function, create a `thousands` variable and set it to the value of rounding down `views` based on a thousand.
> 
> After that, check if `views` is greater than or equal to `1000`. If it is, use template literals to return the `thousands` variable in the format `${thousands}k`.

Reviewer: This could be simplified further. 
Basically we should only care that they created the correct function name and are returning the correct value based on the condition.
We shouldn't care if they create a thousands variable or if they use template literals because technically a valid solution could include regular string concatenation with the `+`

something like this could work

```suggestion
Create a `viewCount` function with a `views` parameter. If `views` is greater than or equal to `1000`, return a string with the `views` value divided by `1000` and the letter `k` appended to it. Make sure to round `views / 1000` down to the nearest whole number.

Otherwise, return the `views` value.
```

> # --hints--

Reviewer: As for all of these tests, we should only care that they created the correct function name and test the final result.
This will allow for multiple correct solutions.

````md
You should have a function called `viewCount`.

```js
assert.isFunction(viewCount);
```

Your `viewCount` function should have a parameter called `views`.

```js
assert.match(viewCount.toString(), /\(views\)/);
```

Your `viewCount` function should return the string `1k` when `views` is `1000`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(viewCount(1000), "1k");
```

Your `viewCount` function should return the string `100k` when `views` is `100000`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(viewCount(100000), "100k");
```

Your `viewCount` function should return the correct string when `views` is greater than or equal to `1000`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(viewCount(10000), "10k");
assert.strictEqual(viewCount(35000), "35k");
assert.strictEqual(viewCount(99999), "99k");
```

Your `viewCount` function should return `views` when `views` is `200`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(viewCount(200), 200);
```

Your `viewCount` function should return `views` when `views` is less than `1000`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(viewCount(999), 999);
assert.strictEqual(viewCount(500), 500);
assert.strictEqual(viewCount(1), 1);
```
````

Those tests should allow for correct solutions like these 

````md
```js
const viewCount = (views)=> views >= 1000 ? `${Math.floor(views / 1000)}k` : views

```

```js
function viewCount(views) {

  if (views >= 1000) {
    return `${Math.floor(views / 1000)}k`;
  } else {

    return views
  }

};

```

```js
const viewCount = (views) => {
  const thousands = Math.floor(views / 1000);

  if (views >= 1000) {
    return `${thousands}k`;
  }

  return views;
};
```

Reviewer: I missed this earlier, but this second test should have the parens be optional
```
assert.match(viewCount.toString(), /\(views\)/);
```

---
id: 64440a50d076c204051f2cc0
title: Step 25
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-25
---

# --description--

You need a function to convert view counts to a more readable format. For example, if the view count is `1000`, it should display as `1k` and if the view count is `100,000` it should display as `100k`.

Create a `viewCount` function with a `views` parameter. If `views` is greater than or equal to `1000`, return a string with the `views` value divided by `1000` and the letter `k` appended to it. Make sure to round `views / 1000` down to the nearest whole number.

> Otherwise, return the `views` value.

Reviewer: I wonder if it would be beneficial to have some sort of example of the returned output.
Because in the past on the forums and discords, campers going through these exercises always perform better when there is some sort of example output to refer to instead of just the instructions.

maybe something like this

```suggestion
Otherwise, return the `views` value.

For example, if `views` is `1000` your return value should be the string `1k`.
```
